Can you afford it?
Village Chief, shut up
Don't push your luck.
Ten years.
Lin Jiacun finally has a big hero
Today is a great day for Yaozu
I announce the official start of ancestor worship
Celebrate Yaozu
Hahahahaha
You two are still like a wooden stake
What are you doing here?
Get out of here
Don't affect it, we'll all bake it.
Move fast.
Rush to Linjia Village
The genius who broke the world record was in our county
It is a blessing that our county has built for a hundred years
We need to hurry up and visit the genius
Don't neglect him
And let the drumming team go ahead
Be sure to give the foot genius the card face to go
Banner up.
The suona blows
Dance for me
Today we all go to Linjiang Village with me
Congratulations to the genius who broke the world record
Are the gifts all together?
Hurry up and go to Lijia Village
You go you go
There you go.
You slander me
It's okay to build my yellow kiln
Now I'm going to prove my innocence
Why don't you allow it?
You are the village chief
highly respected
Everyone should be treated fairly
But you wronged me indiscriminately
I'm not even given a chance to prove my innocence now
People like you don't deserve to be the head of a village
Who gave you the courage to talk to me like this?